README.md, before:

# To-Do/Ideas List:

## Currently working on: 

### Footer
- [ ] Make website footer?

### Random Fixes
- [ ] Look into preloading gifs/images maybe
- [ ] Keep page from displaying until fully loaded (?)
- [ ] Navbar currentPath box behaving weird when scrolled down and page change
- [x] Fix youtube not allowing fullscreen

### Random pages:
- [ ] Maybe add some more whileInView animations?
- [ ] Make suspense work in projects
- [x] Add a "page divider", a half transparent thin line to "section" different parts of a page?

### Focus/Dim Buttons:
- [x] get some padding on top of id for focus button? (make new div with 1rem padding and take away 1rem padding from subtitle div) or
- [x] Implement focus button on all pages

## Checklist before final publish:
- [x] Fix texts
- [x] Updated links (CV, Portfolio)

### Videos/Gifs/Images:

#### General:
- [x] Video embedding --> dim background

#### Animations:

- [ ] Maybe different background images for each page? slightly transparent -> maybe when dimmed, add some background image over the overlay

- [x] Add background blur onhover
- [x] Upload all animations
- [x] Kontakt
- [x] Logo
- [x] Plasticine
- [x] Skate
- [x] Train
- [x] Music
- [x] Add descriptions on cards
- [x] Add descriptions on pages
- [x] credit maude on plasticine video
- [x] Figure out why Google Drive wont work for some videos
- [x] Decide on Layout when multiple videos per page

#### Skylands
- [x] Upload Screenshots
- [x] Upload Video
- [x] Upload apk
- [x] Figure out why video wont work

#### Creative-Coding
- [x] p5js editor
- [x] Add examples with code view + screenshots
- [x] Github Link
- [x] image gallery

#### Sketches
- [x] Add description
- [x] Upload screenshots

#### CAD 
- [x] Add description
- [x] Upload screenshots

#### Voxel Art
- [x] Upload screenshots
- [x] Add description

#### Arts & Crafts
- [x] Upload screenshots
- [x] Add description

#### Illustrator
- [x] Upload Screenshots
- [x] Add description

### Links:
- [x] Google Drive Link
- [x] Portfolio Link (google drive)
- [x] Github Link

### About:
- [x] Copy paste CV svg files
- [x] Style app icons

## Less Priority (Visual/Layout)

### General Website issues:
- [x] Figure out dark mode on other devices
- [x] Fix title not centered on mobile

### Navbar:
- [ ] Animate the "active-path" gray box 
- [ ] Subnavbar --> look into stagger
- [x] Make second version without hover-path
- [x] Fix not centered on mobile still
- [x] Navbar animation --> from the side
- [x] Sub-Navbar (Projects)
- [x] Navbar icon
- [x] Navbar change toggle from top to left
- [x] Change animation to not look like shit
- [x] Figure out why it closes automatically (turns out it was not using the Link router)
- [x] Navbar fixed on top of screen?
- [x] adjust spacing for focus button based on new navbar
- [x] onTap animation

### Background:
- [x] Gradient like github page
- [x] Change background
- [x] Figure out gradient

### Links:
- [x] Add github links
- [x] Add Icons

### Cards:
- [x] Uniform card logos (maybe stylized)

- [x] Figure out how the hover works
- [x] Add spacing between cards
- [x] Change Backgroud of cards
- [x] Figure out individual backgrounds
- [x] Fix Background Creative Coding
- [x] Fix Background Animations
- [x] Add Project descriptions

Commit message:

some navbar updates (color etc)

README.md, after:

# To-Do/Ideas List:

## Currently working on: 

### Random fun stuff
- [ ] Navbar --> maybe bring back hover and add an outline for active path?
- [ ] Navbar gray box --> figure out different colors for each page (if possible)
- [ ] Navbar gray box --> make more colorful, maybe map display width to gradient
- [ ] Look into SVG Drawing
- [ ] Make menu buttons on navbar "morph" onclick

### Random pages:
- [ ] try layoutId (for pictures left/right swiping animations)
- [ ] Maybe add some more whileInView animations?
- [ ] Make suspense work in projects
- [x] Add a "page divider", a half transparent thin line to "section" different parts of a page?

### Random Fixes
- [ ] Look into preloading gifs/images maybe
- [ ] Keep page from displaying until fully loaded (?)
- [ ] Navbar currentPath box behaving weird when scrolled down and page change
- [x] Fix youtube not allowing fullscreen

### Footer
- [ ] Make website footer?

## Checklist before final publish:
- [x] Fix texts
- [x] Updated links (CV, Portfolio)

### Videos/Gifs/Images:

#### General:
- [x] Video embedding --> dim background

#### Animations:

- [ ] Maybe different background images for each page? slightly transparent -> maybe when dimmed, add some background image over the overlay

- [x] Add background blur onhover
- [x] Upload all animations
- [x] Kontakt
- [x] Logo
- [x] Plasticine
- [x] Skate
- [x] Train
- [x] Music
- [x] Add descriptions on cards
- [x] Add descriptions on pages
- [x] credit maude on plasticine video
- [x] Figure out why Google Drive wont work for some videos
- [x] Decide on Layout when multiple videos per page

#### Skylands
- [x] Upload Screenshots
- [x] Upload Video
- [x] Upload apk
- [x] Figure out why video wont work

#### Creative-Coding
- [x] p5js editor
- [x] Add examples with code view + screenshots
- [x] Github Link
- [x] image gallery

#### Sketches
- [x] Add description
- [x] Upload screenshots

#### CAD 
- [x] Add description
- [x] Upload screenshots

#### Voxel Art
- [x] Upload screenshots
- [x] Add description

#### Arts & Crafts
- [x] Upload screenshots
- [x] Add description

#### Illustrator
- [x] Upload Screenshots
- [x] Add description

### Links:
- [x] Google Drive Link
- [x] Portfolio Link (google drive)
- [x] Github Link

### About:
- [x] Copy paste CV svg files
- [x] Style app icons

## Less Priority (Visual/Layout)

### General Website issues:
- [x] Figure out dark mode on other devices
- [x] Fix title not centered on mobile

### Navbar:
- [ ] Animate the "active-path" gray box 
- [ ] Subnavbar --> look into stagger
- [x] Make second version without hover-path
- [x] Fix not centered on mobile still
- [x] Navbar animation --> from the side
- [x] Sub-Navbar (Projects)
- [x] Navbar icon
- [x] Navbar change toggle from top to left
- [x] Change animation to not look like shit
- [x] Figure out why it closes automatically (turns out it was not using the Link router)
- [x] Navbar fixed on top of screen?
- [x] adjust spacing for focus button based on new navbar
- [x] onTap animation

### Focus/Dim Buttons:
- [x] get some padding on top of id for focus button? (make new div with 1rem padding and take away 1rem padding from subtitle div) or
- [x] Implement focus button on all pages

### Background:
- [x] Gradient like github page
- [x] Change background
- [x] Figure out gradient

### Links:
- [x] Add github links
- [x] Add Icons

### Cards:
- [x] Uniform card logos (maybe stylized)

- [x] Figure out how the hover works
- [x] Add spacing between cards
- [x] Change Backgroud of cards
- [x] Figure out individual backgrounds
- [x] Fix Background Creative Coding
- [x] Fix Background Animations
- [x] Add Project descriptions
